In this lecture we will be discussing why many Microcircuits projects fail.
Now failure can mean many different things.
So for example it can mean that the project failed to be delivered on time or failed to reach certain
requirements such as may be scalability or in the worst case when the project was not delivered at all.
Apart from the normal risk factors and projects which are outside the area of control of the development
perspective.
Esther beaute many failures in micro-chip is this projects to a combination of the following factors
lack of planning is a common factor as micro services tend to take more development effort than if a
similar system had been developed in other architectures such as may be multi-tiered architecture.
There could also be design and implementation issues caused by a combination of lack of knowledge of
how to implement Microcircuits properly and lack of actual experience and skills in doing so.
In many development projects there also tends to be an underestimation in the additional development
deployment monitoring and configuration of micro services and their interprocess communication infrastructure.
These reasons all tend to stem from lack of experience in managing Microcircuits related projects and
their implementation.
And as a result they assume that implementing a Microcircuits based system is very similar to developping
some of their web service they've implemented in the past without realising the added resources and
time needed due to the higher number of micro services required to build a complex system.
To prevent micro service based projects from failing it is important to ensure that the project you
are designing is applicable to the macro service architecture.
I highly recommend that you prioritise automation in all aspects possible.
This includes continuous integration deployments and also creating Microcircuits templates which we'll
be discussing in future lectures.
It's also important to have a clear plan and this means not only having proper design of the system
but also estimating the time required to develop the different micro services correctly to create and
plan a realistic and manageable shed yule.
Finally and perhaps this is the most important point is to avoid common pitfalls by falling into untyped
terms which are usually the cause by taking the design decisions without proper knowledge of their impact
on a micro service architecture.
We'll be going to all the most important patterns in discourse to help make sure that you have the tools
to design and micro services based system effectively.